we're online with pale making a run cold
rock ice cream perfectly with the basket
the eventually a very good job oh you
want to drive it hot you need to make
ice cream you mentioned round and yeah
oh well yeah it's a visit if the ice
cream press and then you put the stuff
in the man you're the one that went to
our first aren't the only one that watch
watching a movie at the moment hey oh
boy good ok it's open the milk maybe you
should have got like a big students this
isn't brittany gave me wow I didn't know
it would be this kod hey we did against
on youtube we got to put it on like our
Bieber yeah
I guess that's that all we have to me
left out it's cool you see stop I'm just
leaving now she's probably playing
you're thinking you're right now I'm 18
now